When you fall to the bottom, you
realise who your true friends are.
Return to Jesus and
you can return here.
And you're going to throw my stuff?!
Yeah, I don't need it.
I've got all I need.
You've kicked me out of my house.
I don't like you any more.
(CRIES)
It's alright.
I'm just going across the square.
I'll just pop back
if I need anything, innit.
I love you.
I love it here.
Love you too.
But 4am, though.
Yeah.
# Life ain't so great, yeah,
they'll be dancing the moan
# And life ain't Hollywood
for any one of us
# If ever you're in doubt
# Just get your wings out
# It's alright, darling,
get your wriggle on
# Somewhere else. #
Friends ain't your friends
'cause they think
you're a dealer of cocaine.
Oh...pleasure doing business
with you.
Or they want a three-way because
you're Lupita, Queen of the Darkies,
getting loved up
by some white chocolate god.
Not so pure now, am I?
Nah.
And he ain't a white chocolate god.
He's more
a white chocolate unemployed child.
Yeah, he is the Milky Bar Kid.
Nah, my friends chose me
because I am amazing.
Oh, your family don't choose ya.
Oh, no.
My sister is
marrying my gay ex-boyfriend.
I did say we were going to be
more than friends.
Oh, talk to her? Oh, I tried.
He's gay.
He's gay. He's gay.
Mummy, can you close the blinds
please?
Mm-hm.
Thank you.
Cynthia? He's gay.
He's gay!
Not even a hen night invitation.
But who wants to go a kiddie
restaurant with Cynthia anyway?
Me.
Because I got a thing or two planned,
ya get me?
So here I am - BO in this armpit,
bloody period in my knickers,
and a best friend
who loves having me here.
Yeah, Tracey,
when are you moving in with me?
I told ya - I have to live
with mixed-race people first
before I make the full transition.
I've never lived
with white people before.
Right...
I've never heard nothing like that.
It's a black thing.
Yo, are you the guy? For the job?
Uh...mmm, what?
I'm supposed to be talking
to someone.
Oh, Connor Jones.
Jethro, store manager.
Um...yeah.
I thought you'd be older.
It says on your CV
you were previously a pilot?
My mum done it.
She going to throw me out
if I don't get a job.
I reckon she made up some shit.
Ah.
TRACEY: Look, it's simple
and it's foolproof.
I follow through this, I will prove
to Cynthia that Ronald is gay.
So this is what?
Some private investigator shit?
Cynthia finds out he's gay -
some people can't handle
the truth, you know.
I'm going shops, babe.
Do you want anything?
Get tampons.
I use pads, actually.
Tampons are for whores.
Thank you, Aaron.
Cynthia needs to know Ronald's gay,
so we get Ronald to say he's gay,
and - this is crucial - we record it.
The recording is sent to me
when I'm at the hen night...
You're not invited.
Yeah. Yeah, I know. I mean,
do you have a fuck I can borrow?
'Cause I've ran out of fucks to give.
I will speakerphone that shit
to her live and direct -
Ronald saying something like,
"Mmm, I love balls,"
or "Ugh, the vagina. "
It'll be glorious.
She'll have no choice but to believe.
Who's going to record it?
Yeah, uh...
Someone who might be called Aaron.
What?
Yeah, I need to
borrow your boyfriend.
No!
No, no, no. But he's my friend as
well. Ain't you my friend, Aaron?
Aaron, please. Please, please.
Look, all you've got to do is look
nice, go there, sweeten him up.
He will take the bait -
classic honey trap.
Tracey, how you going to pimp
out my man? Aaron, don't...
Candice, just be quiet
and let me think, man.
I'm honoured to help save a woman
from 50 years of a marriage
of deceit and confusion.
But what da rass?
Thank you, homie.
I'm happy to help, yeah?
Eckhart Tolle, like...
No, no, no - don't go quoting
dead people's abstract shit.
Just do what I told you to do, yeah?
Oh, and if you're going shop, floss
and red top milk, not green, OK?
At least tidy.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, I will wear these, thank you.
Alright, see ya.
So what do you think
is the most important thing
about customer service?
It's being friendly, innit?
Well, what is "friendly"?
Someone's open and accepts you.
Challenges you and that.
Like my girl. She does those things.
Yeah, but in terms of
customer serv...
Hold on, bruvva, let me finish.
You can't have too many friends.
If you've got just one diamond...
You fu... You treasure that thing,
yeah? For everything it's worth.
You know some big words.
I know 'em,
but I don't use really 'em.
'Cause the brain might enjoy
breakin' 'em down and that,
but...the heart...
...heart ain't concerned.
The heart
just wants to know it's safe.
Its door is narrow, innit?
So a tiny little word
don't need to fight its way in.
One sec.
So wh...
(CLEARS THROAT)
So when can you start?
Are you serious?
Yeah.
Fuck!
# I can't, I can't, I can't,
I can't find my friends
# But I don't need, don't need,
don't need, don't need them to dance
# I go
# Whoo-whoo-hoo!
# Let me hear you go
# Whoo-whoo-hoo! #
MEN: (CHANT) Drink, drink, drink!
Drink, drink, drink!
You've got this! Go on!
Oh!
I love my hen party!
Yeah, Mum said commercial food chains
were satanic.
Fast food
became Cynthia's forbidden fruit.
And then so this, like,
chicken nugget hen night shit
actually make some sense.
(SQUEALS)
Hi.
You lot are mental! That was brutal.
Brutal!
Can I get another round of Tangos,
please? Thanks.
I'll get these. Stag night, yeah?
Congratulations on the
life sentence.
Ha, thanks.
She a...she a no-show?
He, yeah.
Why don't you go home instead
of drinking yourself to paralysis?
Firstly, I'm teetotal,
but that's beside the point.
I'm here 'cause life is a dancer,
and I'm the dance, I guess.
Eckhart Tolle.
You know about Tolle?
Yeah.
Yeah, that's from the second one.
Um...A New...
Earth. Yeah.
MAN: Come on, Ron!
Uh, we're playing games later,
if you...
I might, yeah.
# I'll be what you want me to be
# You can take me, take me,
take me anywhere. #
Are you still with the Lord?
I heard you backslid
and fell into pregnancy.
And then into prostitution.
Are you aware that you
have a demonic spirit?
Are you aware that on Thursdays
your mum sucks my dick?
Magdalene, who are you talking to?
You know how you can, like. block out
negative people from Twitter?
Cynthia can do exactly that
with her brain.
It's like some self-hypnosis,
Derren Brown stuff.
Nah, it's true.
How about that?
Yeah, well. If I throw this
in your face you're going to, what?
Look right through me
with chips in your eye? Huh?
It's such a shame Tracey
couldn't come.
BOTH: Mmm.
I can be there for her,
but her trying to end my marriage
before it's even begun -
that kind of jealousy
is best kept at a distance.
Prostitutes are generally
best kept at a distance.
Ronald is NOT gay.
(BOTH GRUNT)
Oh, man.
Oi, don't be a sore loser -
control that pain-body.
You're right. But...
One more round!
I think you better save all that
energy for the honeymoon, Ron.
(LAUGHS) Good one, Peter.
Come on, lads.
How about you and me grab another
somewhere else?
Nah, you're alright.
Hope you find some mates.
Oh, Peter, I think I've
left my mobile in your car again.
Seriously? That prat?
Cynthia, he's gay.
Cynthia!
Yes! I've done it.
Can we have
some more ice-cream at some point?
Oh, someone's phone.
Someone's phone.
What is it going to take
for you to hear me?!
(LAUGHS)
Oh, is it?
Eat your fucking nuggets!
I'm sorry. I'm on my period.
AARON: I bought him drinks.
I let him beat me in blackjack.
I made him laugh.
Right.
But you know
when you actually get on...?
I was charming, so charming!
Why did it not work?
It did work. You got the Vine!
No, but how could
he go for the other guy?
I don't get it.
I need to think.
(SNORES)
Jesus!
What did you guys get up
to last night, Candice?!
I told you I wanted pads.
(EXHALES)
Uh....it's not going in.
Lie on your back and pretend
it's your man's dick, Trace.
Just spit on it
and shove it in like a dick.
No! No! It's not going in!
Like it's your man, Trace.
Mmm...Jay Z, stop it!
(MOANS)
Oh, Jay Z, oh!
That's it, Jay Z! Ah!
(LAUGHS) It's in!
(LAUGHS)
Thanks for that.
You can change the sheets now.
Candice,
doesn't...um...the help do that?
Who's the help?
(WHISPERS) Esther.
Babe, promise me you won't still be
upset at the ceremony.
I'm not upset. I'm just confused.
I look my best and I get blown off.
It's affecting, man.
Or maybe there's something
you're not telling me.
I'm not gay.
Rejection doesn't have a gender.
It's just rejection, innit?
Look, all I want to know is the
truth. I don't care what it is.
If you're gay, I'm willing
to make space for that, you get me?
It's just a bit loud. Can you...?
You know...
Esther!
The battery is dead on this again.
Have you hand washed my knickers yet?
Oh, no.
She can't put them in the washing
machine because they get bobbles.
Cand?
Tracey, I love you. We love you.
But you're driving everyone crazy,
man! You can't stay here.
Can you at least borrow me a pair of
knickers that are not from Primark?
Ron, you're not going to make Cynthia
happy, because you know...
I know relationships are bumpy.
Like the rolls
on Oompa-Loompa here's stomach.
Oh, my God.
He doesn't understand a word -
Greek.
You know what...?
How about I tell you what I know,
point by point?
Point A -
you told me to stay away from you.
I stayed away.
So you inviting yourself
into my house on my wedding day
is intriguing.
Get over yourself, yeah?
Point B...
..you have lips the size of a boat.
Two boats that crashed into each
other, killing everyone.
Uh... OK. Well, you know what?
I tried.
Point C -
you're obsessed with MY love-life
because you can't face
the mess of your own!
That...
That is...is...
You don't know anything about...
Ooh... That one pinch?
You picked the first imbecile
that blinked at you,
because you're desperate,
pitiful and lost.
He's the very
definition of a waste man.
You'll be the first waste woman!
See you at the wedding!
Sorry I didn't call back.
That's alright.
I know you would if you could.
Yeah.
I'm...I'm really proud.
Mandy must be well happy.
She cried.
Then bought half IKEA.
Can...can we talk?
Fuck, I love this girl.
Before you say anything,
I've seen the bags.
I've already cutted you a key.
And I got you these - panty liners.
For your...uh...
Keys are in there.
Come here!
This is just the start!
I...I don't think I love you.
Did...did you hear me?
Yes!
I just need a couple of minutes to,
uh...
I...I don't understand.
Are you going to go or am I?
Well, yeah, it's, uh...
..it's your house, so...
..I'll go.
Sorry.
I've had problems with this
in the past, though.
Can I just confirm...?
I get it.
You're leaving me. I know.
OK. That's great.
I've got nothing to say. Sorry.
Connor?
This isn't exactly store policy.
I think maybe you should go home.
(CYNTHIA SHOUTS INDISTINCTLY)
A gazelle! I said a gazelle!
Got to be delicate
like a graceful swan.
I don't want hard hands,
or hefty hands.
(SCREAMS)
Oh, baby...
No!
He's gay! He's gay!
He's gay. He's gay! He's gay!
SHUT UP! Shut up! Shut up! Shut up!
Be very careful what you say.
Our cycles are synchronised.
I know that you are on your period.
I am too.
But that is no excuse
to permanently break family ties
because once the blood runs dry...
..those ties... cannot be unbroken.
Yeah? You're on your period too?
Hm.
The honeymoon...
Mm.
Well, I guess it gives him
the perfect cover-up
to stick it in your bum tonight,
then.
OK, yeah...
GET OUT OF MY LIMOUSINE!
Get out of my limousine!
It is not a limousine!
It's a white car.
They're different things.
It is a tiny white car!
This is my white car! My car!
What? Say something?
Ignore her.
Don't let her energy...
Say something!
Just ignore her.
It's my special limousine ride
on my special day,
and nobody can spoil it.
Yay, we're having fun...
Driver, stop! I said stop.
We're here!
What are you playing at?
It's almost 12:00.
Now you're earning, do you want
to go halvsies on a cabinet?
Connor, if you're going to be
late for work, you should call 'em.
The only company I'm currently
employed by is loneliness.
Right. Sacked.
You're a prison sentence!
You're a thorn in my side!
In my back! Everywhere!
You're fucking acupuncture!
You've never even met your dad -
how did you become him?!
(APPLAUSE)
(ORGAN MUSIC)
Why didn't he fancy me?
I just don't get it.
Oh, my days, babe. It's calm.
You're the only one who cares.
I give up. I'm just going to let this
be the worst day of my life so far.
Get out of my way
and let me be seen for once.
(WHISPERS) Get out of my way!
Get out of my way.
She said there'd be free food, man.
That's the only reason I came.
Eh, eh, eh! Shut up, Candice!
Who's she telling to shut up?
She needs a kick in the gut.
Can you imagine...
Uh, vows.
Glory to God in the highest, peace
to his people on earth, hallelujah!
CONGREGATION: Hallelujah.
Say a few words
for your apparent wife.
Oh, um...
I fell in love...
the moment you saw me...
..for who I was...
And when you fall in love, you...
..lose control of who you
want to be...
..and what you want to be seen as.
But you reminded me that
whenever you interact with people...
Hold up a minute.
..don't be there primarily
as a function or a role...
He's talking like Tolle.
It is the field
of conscious presence.
Let's wire down. Get the fuck out.
You can only lose something
that you have...
..but you cannot lose
something that you are.
I'm gay.
(WHISPERS) Oh, my God.
I...
..am a gay man.
(WHISPERS) Oh, my God.
Cynthia...
..this is me.
That...is the nicest thing
he's ever said.
(SCREAMS, CRIES)
It's OK. It's OK.
(CRIES)
You!
(SPITS) Eugh! (SCREAMS)
(SHOUTS INCOHERENTLY, CRIES)
You! Hubby!
Yes! I am not my sister, OK?
I will be the ruination
of your entire life.
Mummy, I'm all of a sudden really
hungry. I need to eat something.
Let's go. Let's go.
That's what you've done.
That's what you've done!
I don't, um...know how you feel,
but...
..I know how I do.
Oh, it's made my day, that.
He's NOT gay!
Oh.
Right.
Right. It's fine.
(SCREAMS)
(SCREAMS, YELLS)
(HOWLS)
Do you want a Fruit Pastille?
What flavour?
It's purple.
It's the only one I don't eat -
sorry.
Is it?
Yeah.
It's the only one I like.
Who only likes
purple Fruit Pastille?
Who only hates 'em?
True.
Probably loads of people -
they just don't come forward.
Yeah.
You ever been to Mudchute Farm?
No.
I'll take ya.
Will ya?
You coming, or what?
# My heart is...
Where are we going?
# Getting up, pick me up... #